State Machine Generation Tool

In a clean linux environment, do the following:
1. Make a new directory and enter the folder. Enter the following commands
    1. mkdir stateMacGen
    2. cd stateMacGen

2. Import all the following 6 files:
    1. combLogGen.py
    2. node.py
    3. genNode.py
    4. genTree.py
    5. espresso.linux
    6. example_statemachine.in (or whatever your preferred name is with a file type '.in', [fileName].in)

2.5 What are valid truth tables?
    1. For the most part, any truth table that is valid with the espresso tool is valid with this tool. See: https://users.ece.utexas.edu/~patt/24s.382N/tools/espresso_manual.html
    2. However, the one change is that any state variables must be marked with a '*' asterix as the first character of its string. You should also make sure that it shares the same name and index for both input and output variables. The next state will be appended by the software tool.
    3. It is assumed that for each state machine, all internal states will share the same reset called res_n, the same set, set_n, and clock, clk. As these are universal, there is no need to input them and they will be generated by the tool.

3. In order to make the espresso.linux file usable, run the follwoing command:
    1. chmod +x espresso.linux

4. Install Python3 to your Linux environment (Specifically for Ubuntu linux). Use the following commands:
    1. sudo apt-get update
    2. sudo apt-get install python3.6
    3. For non-ubuntu users, see here: https://docs.python-guide.org/starting/install3/linux/

5. Exectute the code    
    1. python3 combLogGen.py -state [testfile].in

6. The results are stored into "testfile.v", or if you provided a custom file [fileName], it will be in [fileName].v

7. The resulting file can now be added to any project as a functinal model. If you only want the code though, the file can be opened with your choice of file editor and its contents copied.
